Expose ginkgo options to limit resource usage (#58)
sky-uk/cassandra-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

`TEST_REGISTRY`                | The name of the docker registry where test images created via the build will be pushed| `localhost:5000`
`DOCKER_USERNAME`              | The docker username allowed to push to the release registry | (provided as encrypted variable in `.travis.yml`)
`DOCKER_PASSWORD`              | The password for the docker username allowed to push to the release registry | (provided as encrypted variable in `.travis.yml`)

> `GINKGO_COMPILERS`             | Ginkgo `-compilers` value to use when compiling multiple tests suite | `0`, similar to not settings the option at all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GINKGO_COMPILERS`             | Ginkgo `-compilers` value to use when compiling multiple tests suite | `0`, equivalent to not setting the option at all
```

> `GINKGO_NODES`                 | Ginkgo `-nodes` value to use when running tests suite in parallel | `0`, similar to not settings the option at all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GINKGO_NODES`                 | Ginkgo `-nodes` value to use when running tests suite in parallel | `0`, equivalent to not setting the option at all
```
